“There is pleasure in the pathless woods; There is rapture on the lonely shore; There is society, where none intrudes, by the deep sea and music in its roar: I love not man the less, but Nature more.” - Lord Byron
“Don’t knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn’t start a conversation if it didn’t change once in a while.” - Kin Hubbard
“I am two with nature.” - Woody Allen
“I still get wildly enthusiastic about little things… I play with leaves, I skip down the street and run against the wind.” - Leo Buscaglia
“Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.”  - John Ruskin
“We may brave human laws, but we cannot resist natural ones.”  - Jules Verne
“A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in.”  - Greek Proverb
“But I love to be outdoors. I prefer being outdoors to, you know, being inside.”  - Keith Carradine
“The contented person enjoys the scenery of a detour.”
“May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view. May your mountains rise into and above the clouds.” -Edward Abbey 
“All good things are wild and free. ” -Henry David Thoreau
“Returning home is the most difficult part of long-distance hiking; You have grown outside the puzzle and your piece no longer fits.” - Cindy Ross 
“The world is mud-luscious and puddle-wonderful.” - E.E. Cummings
"Got some big cow house way out that way, like two miles, but I don’t see nobody." - Jesse Pinkman
"You mustn't be afraid to dream a little bigger, darling." - Eames, Inception
"Nothing like a nighttime stroll to give you ideas." - Mad Eye Moody
"Carpe diem maybe?" - Alex Honnold
"Treat you better than me, cause that's the heavenly key \ To unlock the inner strength where my essence will be \ It's the knowledge of self, understanding of the things around me \ That becomes the wisdom that I need" - Nujabes
"Sit down, have a drink, welcome to paradise" - The Avalanches
"See I'm stuck in a city but I belong in a field" - The Strokes
"How about now? You wired in now?" - Eduardo Saverin, the Social Network

